Here's the article it's generating for gardening: "```json { "title": "Gardening for Stroke Recovery", "content":

Gardening is a simple yet powerful activity that can significantly aid in the recovery of stroke patients. It combines physical, cognitive, and emotional benefits, making it an effective tool for rehabilitation."

How do we clean this up and create a clean few paragraphs to read on the subject including recent news on it?

What instructions are we currently providing perplexity and how can we clarify it?
GL
adamlowendick
Assistantjust now

To clean up the generated gardening article and create a more structured response, we can modify the current instructions being given to the Perplexity API. We should clarify our requests to better instruct the model on how to generate the content.
Here’s how we can improve the instruction:

    Clarify User Intent: Specify that we want a structured article including an introduction, main content, and a conclusion or summary with recent news updates on gardening.
    Define Format Requirements: Include details about the desired formatting for paragraphs, such as having multiple short paragraphs rather than one large block of text.

Update to

The relevant section of your code setting the request payload for Perplexity API can be adjusted. Here’s the updated structure for the request body:

// Prepare request payload - model names in Perplexity API are case-sensitive
const requestBody = {
  model: "sonar", // Using correct Perplexity model name from documentation
  messages: [
    { role: "system", content: systemPrompt },
    { role: "user", content: `
      Generate a well-structured article about gardening for stroke recovery patients. 
      Include an introduction, main content, and a conclusion. Also, add recent news or advancements in gardening that relate to rehabilitation for stroke patients. 
      Make sure to use clear and concise paragraphs for readability.
    ` }
  ],
  temperature: 0.7
};

Summary of Changes

    Improved User Commands: The content requested now specifies a clear structure for the article with sections and recent news.
    Better Readability Instructions: Emphasized the need for clear and concise paragraphs.

This should result in a produced article that is more readable and informative, aligning better with the needs of stroke recovery patients looking for information on gardening.